Using fully qualified computer name and adding warning message for solution upgrade (#28109)
Azure/azure-powershell: src/StackHCI/StackHCI/ChangeLog.md

        - Additional information about change #1
-->
## Upcoming Release

> * Using fully qualified computer name and adding warning for user to upgrade to solution.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Used fully qualified computer name and added warning for user to upgrade to solution.
```
